Changed images to svg and corrected errors (#5)
skyline-emu/website: src/images/README.md

> <a href="app.png">Device Mockup</a> created from <a href="https://deviceframes.com/templates/google-pixel-6"> Google Pixel 6 mockups</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Device Mockup](app.png) created from [Google Pixel 6 mockups](https://deviceframes.com/templates/google-pixel-6).
```

> <a href="https://www.vulkan.org/">Vulkan</a> and the <a href="vk.svg">Vulkan logo</a> are registered trademarks of the <a href="https://www.khronos.org/">Khronos Group Inc</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Vulkan](https://www.vulkan.org/) and the Vulkan logo ([Normal](vk.svg) and [Light](vk_light.svg)) are registered trademarks of (The Khronos Group, Inc.)[https://www.khronos.org/].
```
